Add `consul session <subcommand>` commands to the CLI (#13297)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/session/read.mdx

---
layout: commands
page_title: 'Commands: Session Read'
---

# Consul Session Read

Command: `consul session read`

Corresponding HTTP API Endpoints: [\[GET\] /v1/session/info/:uuid](/api-docs/session#read-session).

The `session read` command reads and displays a session details.

> The table below shows this command's [required ACLs](/api#authentication). Configuration of
> [blocking queries](/api-docs/features/blocking) and [agent caching](/api-docs/features/caching)
> are not supported from commands, but may be from the corresponding HTTP endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the [ACL configurations](/api#authentication) required to use the `session read` command. You cannot configure 
[blocking queries](/api-docs/features/blocking) or [agent caching](/api-docs/features/caching)
from the command line, but you can configure them from the corresponding HTTP endpoint.
```
Same construction as suggested for `list`
